{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11904\paperh16836\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Syphon for Unity Pro 4.0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\fs20 \cf0 1.0 Public Beta 2 a10
\fs36 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
This is an ongoing work. Please report any and all crashes/freezes, preferably including crash logs\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Syphon/Unity3D/issues"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/Syphon/Unity3D/issues\
}}\
If Unity freezes, see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thexlab.com/faqs/activitymonitor.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.thexlab.com/faqs/activitymonitor.html}} the section entitled 'sampling a process' and send us that log.\
\
If Unity crashes, see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://echoone.com/bugreports/console.html"}}{\fldrslt http://echoone.com/bugreports/console.html}} and send the relevant log.\
\
More features to be added soon. If there's something missing that you want, let us know.\
\

\b Instructions
\b0 \
\
Open the .unitypackage to import to an existing project, or simply create a new project and import the unity package into that. When creating a new project, you may want to tick the checkbox in "File/Build Settings/Player Settings/Resolution and Presentation/Run in Background." See SyphonServerAndClient.unity as the provided demo scene. \
\
Add a Syphon.cs to your main camera. this will act as your Syphon manager.\
\
Syphon Server:\
Add a SyphonServerTexture to any camera in your scene. \
\
Syphon Client: \
Add a SyphonClientTexture to any object in your scene.\
On the SyphonClientTexture, in the public inspector fields, add the name and appName of the client you just added.\
\
Take a look at the code in SyphonClientTexture.cs's ApplyTexture() method to see how to add additional functionality- adding the texture to projectors, bump maps, etc.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ri-2496\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 Syphon for Unity is published under a BSD license. See the included License.txt file.\
\
Syphon for Unity3D - Brian Chasalow (Unity 3D integration and scripting), Tom Butterworth (bangnoise) and Anton Marini (vade).\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ri-2496\pardirnatural\qj
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://syphon.v002.info"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://syphon.v002.info }}\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ri-2496\pardirnatural\qj

\b \cf0 Release Notes:
\b0 \
a10: fixed a bug with OnRetireServer crashing with OpenFrameworks servers exiting.\
a9: fixed some Unity 4.2 texture creation and 64 bit issues. uses custom Syphon framework with multithreading changes.\
}