{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14060\viewh15580\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ri-2500\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Syphon for Unity, Public Beta 2
\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ri-2500\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b About
\b0 \
\
Syphon is a system for sending video between applications. You can use it to send high resolution and high frame rate video, 3D textures and synthesized content between your Unity 3D scene and other applications.\
\
Syphon for Unity includes a plugin, scripts for both client and server and a few sample scenes to get you started. \

\b \
Licensing
\b0 \
\
Syphon for Unity is published under a BSD license. See the included License.txt file.\
\

\b Requirements
\b0 \
\
Mac OS X 10.6.4 or greater\
Unity 3.0 
\b Pro
\b0  (for 3rd party plugin support) - basic not supported\
SyphonServerAndClient.unity example designed for Unity Pro v3.3.0f4 or greater\
 \

\b Installation
\b0 \
\
Copy the Unity Syphon Plugin and scripts: SyphonUnityPlugin.bundle, SyphonClientBridge.cs\
and SyphonServerBridge.cs  to your project's Assets/Plugins folder.\
\

\b Instructions
\b0 \

\b General project setup:\

\i\b0 Required:
\i0 \
	Unity by default culls the alpha channel in most shaders from the screen texture grab for performance. To retain the alpha channel, you will have to use shaders on all your objects that do not have 
\b ColorMask RGB
\b0  in their respective .shader files. A handful of Syphon shaders have been included that have had this line commented out. Unity has a convenient method for seeing what is drawn to the alpha channel by clicking the '
\i RGB/Alpha/Overdraw/Mipmaps
\i0 ' dropdown in the Scene window, and changing it to '
\i Alpha
\i0 '.\
\

\i Suggested:\

\i0 	Enable VBL sync under Edit/Project Settings/Quality to remove any screen tearing artifacts you may see. \
	Enable Run In Background under Build Settings to make sure that Unity still runs while looking at another application.\
\

\b Client\

\b0 \
The UnityClientBridge.cs script finds the first available SyphonServer and applies its texture to the RenderObject you have applied the script to. Attach this to cloth simulation, planes, or any geometry to apply the Syphon Servers texture to it.\
\
You can set the desired width and height (in powers of two) for the internal texture used. If you use a texture size that is not a power of two (for instance, 1024 x 768) the texture will be padded with blank space on one side of it, due to Unity's method of resizing all non power of two textures to be power of two.\
\

\b Server\
\

\b0 Apply the UnityServerBridge.cs script to the main camera, to make the scene available to the outside world. \
\

\b \cf2 Known Issues
\b0 \
- Only supports a single server, which is not manually selectable at runtime\
- Some issues with using unity's built-in terrain and rendering of the scene when desiring the alpha channel\
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Changes since Public Beta 1\
- 
\b0 compiled apps see external servers now\
- reversed texture coordinates in plugin so they are facing the correct direction\
- Fixes and improvements to the underlying Syphon framework.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ri-2500\qj\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Credits
\b0 \
\
Syphon for Unity3D - Brian Chasalow (Unity 3D integration and scripting), Tom Butterworth (bangnoise) and Anton Marini (vade).\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ri-2500\qj\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://syphon.v002.info"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://syphon.v002.info }}\
\
}